feat: replace sync implementation with async (#1914)
lancedb/lancedb: docs/src/migration.md

# Rust-backed Client Migration Guide

In an effort to ensure all clients have the same set of capabilities we have
migrated the Python and Node clients onto a common Rust base library. In Python,
both the synchronous and asynchronous clients are based on this implementation.

> In Node, the new client is available as `@lancedb/lancedb`, which will replace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Node, the new client is available as `@lancedb/lancedb`, which replaces
```
